- Structure of documentation
-> Index page with introductory text and list of clickable links underneath, each
   pointing to the associated G-ADOPT module's API documentation.
-> Left-side panel with foldable entries. When all folded, it looks similar to the list
   on the index page. When an entry is unfolded, it reveals its associated items from
   the documented API.
-> Each module's page describes the API of that specific module and begins with
   introductory text to describe the module's purpose.

- User guide

Welcome to G-ADOPT's user guide! In this guide, you will learn how to interact with the
G-ADOPT library in order to easily simulate geoscientific flows. G-ADOPT provides a
user-friendly interface underpinned by the Unified Form Language (UFL) and Firedrake.
The Python code you will write using G-ADOPT will reflect the mathematical formulation
of the numerical problem you wish to tackle and involve limited interaction with the
corresponding algorithmic structure.

G-ADOPT provides solver classes, such as `StokesSolver` and `EnergySolver`, that form
the core of the user experience. The promise of the library is simple: instantiate the
solver classes and call their primary method, for example, `solve` or `advance`, to
perform the numerical processing.

To create a solver instance, a G-ADOPT approximation is usually required.
Approximations are class instances that describe the set of mathematical equations
governing the system's evolution. Instantiating these classes only requires you to
provide the physical parameters specific to your numerical problem.

In the case of the Stokes system, G-ADOPT provides an easy-to-use function to determine
the null space associated with the system of equations. Boundary conditions are defined
in a readable manner and include a free surface. Fine-tuned solver parameters are also
included to ensure convergence in most scenarios. For the energy solver, implementations
of popular explicit and implicit Runge-Kutta numerical schemes are available and can be
selected by name. Scheme stabilisation through the streamline-upwind algorithm is also
provided.

For all other matters, such as setting up the mesh, finite-element spaces, and
representation of physical variables, G-ADOPT simply relies on Firedrake APIs, such as
`Mesh`, `FunctionSpace`, and `Function`.

G-ADOPT includes a series of demos that illustrate the essence of the library. You are
encouraged to go through them and familiarise yourself with the concepts summarised
here. The first demo represents a base case and constitute an excellent starting place,
as most other demos build on the foundations it lays. More advanced demos bring a
gentle introduction to some state-of-the-art approaches in the current geodynamics
paradigm.

- Developer guide

Welcome to G-ADOPT's developer guide! In this guide, you will learn about the internal
structure of the library and acquire the required knowledge to experiment with and
contribute to the development of G-ADOPT.

- Index

G-ADOPT comprises several modules that provide a user-friendly API to easily set up
physical approximations and mathematical solvers. The library currently offers
dedicated solvers for the Stokes system (including a free surface), the energy
equation, and the combined advection and reinitialisation of conservative level sets.
Moreover, G-ADOPT incorporates specialised modules to tackle generic time-integration
problems and optimised adjoint inversions. Additional helper tools for pre- and
post-processing are provided and maintained.


- Approximations

This module provides classes that emulate physical approximations of fluid dynamics
systems by exposing methods to calculate specific terms in the corresponding
mathematical equations. Users instantiate the appropriate class by providing relevant
parameters and pass the instance to other objects, such as solvers. Under the hood,
G-ADOPT queries variables and methods from the approximation.

- Diagnostics

This module provides a class to simplify computing of diagnostics typically encountered
in geodynamical simulations. Users instantiate the class by providing relevant
parameters and call individual class methods to compute associated diagnostics.

- Energy solver

This module provides a fine-tuned solver class for the energy conservation equation.
Users instantiate the `EnergySolver` class by providing relevant parameters and call
the `solve` method to request a solver update.

- Equations

This module contains abstract classes to define the structure of mathematical terms and
equations within the G-ADOPT library. Users should not interact with these classes;
instead, please use the solvers provided in other modules.

- Inverse

This module provides classes to perform an adjoint inverse optimisation and checkpoint
intermediate results. Users instantiate the `LinMoreOptimiser` class by providing
relevant parameters and call the `run` method to perform the optimisation.

- Level-set tools

This module provides a set of classes and functions enabling multi-material
capabilities. Users initialise materials by instantiating the `Material` class and
define the physical properties of material interfaces using `field_interface`. They
instantiate the `LevelSetSolver` class by providing relevant parameters and call the
`solve` method to request a solver update. Finally, they may call the `entrainment`
function to calculate material entrainment in the simulation.

- Limiter

This module provides a class that implements limiting of functions defined on
discontinuous function spaces. Users instantiate the class by providing relevant
parameters and call the `apply` method to update the function.

- Momentum equation

This module contains classes implementing mathematical terms and equations that form
the Stokes system. Users should not interact with these classes; instead, please use
the solver provided the Stokes-integrators module.

- Preconditioners

This module contains a class that augments a matrix preconditioner by setting the
symmetric-positive-definite option. Users can provide this class as a `pc_python_type`
entry to a PETSc solver option dictionary.

- Scalar equations

This module contains classes implementing mathematical terms and equations that form
the Stokes system. Users should not interact with these classes; instead, please use
the solver provided the Stokes-integrators module.

- Stokes integrators

This module provides a fine-tuned solver class for the Stokes system of conservation
equations and a function to automatically set the associated null spaces. Users
instantiate the `StokesSolver` class by providing relevant parameters and call the
`solve` method to request a solver update.

- Time-stepper

This module provides several classes to perform integration of time-dependent
equations. Users choose if they require an explicit or implicit time integrator, and
they instantiate one of the implemented algorithm class, for example, `ERKEuler`, by
providing relevant parameters defined in the parent class (i.e. `ERKGeneric` or
`DIRKGeneric`). Then, they call the `advance` method to request a solver update.

- Utility

This module provides several classes and functions to perform a number of pre-, syn-,
and post-processing tasks. Users incorporate utility as required in their code,
depending on what they would like to achieve.